fix(curriculum): add explanation for double curlies syntax in React inline styles (#64417)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-working-with-data-in-react/673500bfe1f41601c1ddb1a2.md

}
```

> Notice the double curly braces `{{}}` in the `style` attribute. The outer curly braces `{}` tell JSX that you're embedding a JavaScript expression. The inner curly braces `{}` create a JavaScript object literal. So `style={{}}` means you're passing a JavaScript object to the `style` attribute. This is why you need both sets of curly braces - the outer ones for JSX and the inner ones for the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice the double curly braces `{{}}` in the `style` attribute. The outer braces indicate a JavaScript expression in JSX, while the inner braces define a JavaScript object literal. This syntax allows you to embed JavaScript objects directly in JSX attributes.
```
